# SUMMARY

Answer all the questions. Please put your answers _after_ the
italicized instructions, as shown in the
[video](https://northeastern.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=d327c168-e0e8-4f70-9f3f-b12f0048baac).

## Logistics

### Did you successfully implement everything that was requested, to the best of your knowledge?

_Yes_ [1 point]

### How long did the assignment take?

_This Assignment took me about 4 hours. 2 of which were my fault because I kept messing up the pre-task._
[1 point]

### Who did you work with and how?

_I worked on my own to finish this assignment_ [1 points]

### What resources did you use?

_I used intelliJ to pull extract returns from my if statements, and to use the const keyword for the age
constants_ [2 points]

## Thoughts on Targeted Ads

_Write an essay of two or more full paragraphs addressing all the following questions
and justifying your answers._

* What do you think of the targeted ads you receive? Do they seem accurate and helpful?
* How do you feel about your demographics being used for ad targeting?
* What about your health information, location history, browsing behavior, and social
  network?
* Should advertisers be able to include or exclude people based on their demographics,
  health information, browsing behavior, etc.?
* Does it matter if the advertising is for consumer goods or more sensitive areas, such as
  housing or employment opportunities?

_I don't like it when an ad seems targeted at me, because I have Ad tracking and targeting turned off on all platforms
where that feature is available. These platforms include Google and Microsoft Windows. Even though I have opted out of
these advertisements being targeted, every so often I will get an ad that is so niche that it had to have been targeted
at me against my will. The idea that almost everything about me has been logged in a database and any advertiser could
access that data whether I like it or not scares me._

_I do not like the idea of advertisers being able to exclude people based on their demographics in any circumstance.,
because I don't like
how being tracked is inescapable if you want to participate in society. I am willing to pay the cost of less relevant
ads if it means that corporations know less about me. _

[5 points]

## Reflections

_Give **one or more paragraphs** reflecting on your experience with the
assignment, including answers to all of these questions:_

* Did all the tests from the pre-exercise pass the first time they ran?
  (Usually tests don't all pass.) What was the debugging process like?
* What was the most difficult part of the assignment?
* What was the most rewarding part of the assignment?
* What did you learn doing the assignment?

_All the tests from the pre-exercise passed the first time they ran. this was probably because the autogenerated tests
and the if
statement / case switch tree I coded were created using the same Excel spreadsheet as a base. The most difficult part of
the
assignment for me was following the instructions in the Pretask I didn't see the video until past the due date for the
pretask meaning I had to do all of my work over and now my pdf is marked late. I should have read the directions more
clearly and paid more attention
to the canvas updates. The most rewarding part of the assignment was finishing it. Nothing beats solving a problem. From
the assignment, I learned that I need to work on reading directions carefully and executing them. I also strengthened my
kotlin syntax skills_
[5 points]